Then we have to what management do.
Our management of that is your machine.
How should the virtual machine respond when just operating system is lost said on standby when you chose
standby to do just operating system into standby mode by live into victory or machine powered on thence
respond to victory machine.
That's me.
This work adlibbing of the virtual machine at this work Abdulhamid of the operation system.
When you chals spawn the video machine it will respond to your machine Abdula bit of the machine.
But when you chose to get a pension system interest on the buy It's like when you click Start and chose
standby week on land option to work on Londis mean you cut our own division machine.
From a distance you can't check it just one didn't have the boot option.
Define word is do a BIOS.
Or I F E this some information about the motherboard then with delight whenever the virtual machine
is bolted on or estates delight to boot order 4 0 miles for force will be all set up if you want to
make the bill say stop it to this virtual machine.
The next time the virtual machine boot forced entry into Beal's stop screen.
That's me when I chose this one and tried to power on this machine to really get inside the BIOS setup.
Then I need to click escape to start on and on.
Then when I power of the virtual machine and power on is I get it will take me to do bios setup again.
So it is not at all my own.
Did you need to make some change in the BIOS.
Fight fight recovery.
If you want to boot from the boot recovery of these between machine of course it's not uncommon that
they end encryption.
If you want to encrypt this virtual machine if you remember opportunistic disable or require then the
other one said If you want to get some other ones that disable acceleration acceleration optional as
between machine enabled low gain range normally Ricordi will gain etc and some swap file by default
division machine directory etc..
So this is a different option we have.
And another option that we have right here is the fiber channel.
That's me.
If you want to use it should be a network adapter connected directly traduce one to this machine to
use.
Do that extend on stars as a local storage.
You need to use do fiber channel vitriol W.W..
And as of course after connect the network adapter it should be to this virtual machine you can it it's
I'm sitting right here to detect do fiber channel into a network.
So this is a different option we have right there and then we have.
Is there as the splosh DNS can it it's some information state of course you can for example at the stores.
You need to read on the IPT if you remember them.
Between the defendants hard disk etc..
But this option we already cooperate then have the app option if you want to config some of the up as
we saw in the up option right here.
We have different option available Abdula it is better yet machine.
So this is a different option of two hardware and you are a virtual machine.
So hope that everything is clear.
If you have any question please share it in the discussion.
Also if you have any information it is recommended to share it with us and other students and see you
in the next section with our next future of the VM when it's too soon to be.